Oh, I got to show my screen.
It's just my face.
Hang on.
It is crazy how far we can fall.
This is the best stream I've ever done.
This hurts my soul back.
A title on Twitch is building a slack app with a good video.
That was so long ago.
OK, how do I change the title?
Let's change the title.
Welcome to the podcast.
I guess we don't really have like a structure to shift into, do we?
I have things I want to talk to you about today, fired off.
So sleep.
Have we talked about sleep?
I'm in the middle of like a sleep rut where do you ever, you're in your 30s, right?
At least I know I'm older than 31.
OK, I'm not that much older.
I am that much older trash.
So I have this.
This has happened a couple of times before.
And I can't remember how long it lasted, but I'm in like a week.
It's been about a week of this where I get up in the middle of the night.
It's like the middle of my sleep, my total sleep window.
It's like two o'clock right now, two to three.
I basically cannot sleep from the hours of two to three every night.
I wake up and I'm just stuck awake for like an hour.
Sometimes I take some melatonin to fall back and sleep.
Sometimes I just wait long enough and I eventually fall back and sleep, but it's
been a week now of this.
And I can remember in the past, this happening before.
And Casey saying it was like cortisol levels, like your stress during the day
can lead to this where you can't sleep in the middle of the night.
It's like a thing.
I don't remember the name for it, but if you ever had this, OK, so this is really
crazy because I was literally talking to Liz an hour ago.
And she's for the past week has had basically the same thing where she's
random or you don't know where has been getting terrible sleep and like is she stressed?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
I think I can't think of anything specifically that changed.
And yeah, she said she keeps waking up for her.
It's not that time for her.
It's like around like four or five, but it's same time every night.
Yeah.
And then she'll start.
She'll feel terrible when she wakes up also, like she does not feel good.
Yeah.
OK, so what is going on?
Is it?
I don't know.
It must be the aliens.
What's the alien thing in Miami?
I did not get filled in.
Oh, they're really in 30 foot tall aliens.
And it's just as normal as like those recordings that came out and they're like,
there's aliens.
It's it's fine.
It's it's Miami.
Everyone knows they're aliens in Miami and it's just a thing now.
We just all accept that.
It's so funny.
I can't believe that blew up as big as it did because it's literally like three
frames of a video where it kind of looks like it's from so far away.
It's like it's someone filming from the top, like in an apartment and like a high
rise down to the ground and it's a night and it's like kind of like foggy.
And like with some light cutting through the fog.
Yeah.
And like for like three frames in the clip, it looks like there's like a kind
of an alien that like walks like a giant one.
Yeah.
And that's what this all came.
And that was it.
And that everyone sort of messaging me being like, are there aliens?
They're like, what's going on?
Huh.
There was also like a thousand cop cars.
It was like an insane number of cop cars on the road.
But it was just a bunch of kids like fighting.
Oh, that's what it was.
The police.
That's the story is that they were just kids fighting.
That's the story.
That's the official story is they were just kids fighting them all.
And then people were like running away and the cops showed up.
And somebody got a short video clip that looked like an alien and here we are.
It's a long video clip and there's you watch the whole thing for the payoff
of three frames or it kind of looks like an alien.
So okay, so it sounds less exciting than maybe I thought it would be.
Yeah, but anyway, going back to your sleep.
So I personally am the annoying person that has never had sleep issues.
Like I fall asleep within 10 minutes and I fall sleep fast.
I've always done that.
Doesn't matter what happened that day.
I didn't have to work out it and have doing it.
I can lay down and go to sleep when I went.
Nice.
Yeah.
And then I'm just like completely blacked out zero consciousness.
No dreams until I wait.
Well, so you wait, you go to sleep and the next thing, you know, you're waking up in
the morning with no wakeups in between.
Yep.
I mean, I don't remember them.
I might wake up because because Liz sometimes says like we have interactions
at night and I just don't remember them at all.
But yeah, I have like no recollection of waking up.
So I I was telling Casey yesterday.
I don't remember the last time that I went to sleep at night, even before this,
like this is an extreme issue where I'm literally at for like an hour in the middle of night.
But even before that, I get up every night.
It's some point, like I'm conscious, like I don't just kind of come to.
I like mostly because I have to pee, I'm being honest.
We really, I got to get my bladder checked out.
Yeah, there's something going on there.
You have the world's smallest bladder prostate issue, maybe.
I don't know.
I feel like there's something that I would explain it.
It's going to be really sad when I die of like prostate cancer.
And you guys all listen to these episodes fondly.
Oh, no, that one's like easy to manage.
Like just take your prostate out.
Oh, yeah, easy and then you get a little, a little penis.
Just take it, take it out yourself, like just go ahead and just make an incision there
and just pop the prostate out real quick.
I'm just saying of the spectrum of cancers, I think that one is not bad.
In terms of cancer, it's the least horrible cancer.
Got it.
OK, just trying to say positive Adam.
Yeah, no, OK, so I always at least have to pee.
But even aside from peeing, I feel like I'm up a couple of times.
I don't remember literally in my adult life.
I don't remember the last time I went to bed at night and then woke up and it was morning.
And it was like, I just slept all night.
I know I did it as a kid.
Like I can remember growing up.
That was just a thing I took for granted.
And at some point in adulthood, it just went away, never to come back.
That's really weird.
I've been like this since I was a baby.
Like, you know, how everyone is like, they have a newborn and it's like a nightmare
for several months, my parents like never had that with me.
I do would just go to sleep and then they were made down and I would just go to sleep
and I wouldn't move your parents or the people that I hate, like the friends that are like,
"Our baby just sleeps.
We don't know.
Oh my God.
I love you, I hate you."
They got, they got karma.
The, my brother was like a colic baby and that was like a disaster.
That's how it works.
If you have more than one, one will be way, way harder than the other.
That's what I've gathered from like anecdotal survey of like six families mining.
Well, so what about sleeping?
So another place is like when you like travel on planes, like do you are able to sleep
on planes or is that not something that you do?
I don't sleep well in cars or planes.
No, I just can't get comfortable.
Maybe it's my height.
Like, I've never been able to get my neck to the position.
Even with like a pillow and a plane, I just can't do it.
I've tried because I've had some overnight flights and.
So I have no problem sleeping on a plane.
Like I've had situations where I've fallen asleep before the plane took off
and I woke up because I felt the plane landing.
Are you kidding me?
Yeah, and it feels like time traveling or it feels like teleportation, I guess.
But there was one weird thing with me where.
I don't know what it is, but you know how like when you fall asleep on a plane
or whatever, like your head like like walls around sure it does.
Yeah, I'm not falling asleep.
Okay, but like everyone experiences this.
But for me, it is like 10 times crazy.
Like my head is like swinging around, like knocking into the people next to me.
Yeah, and it's people that have followed with me.
I've probably like smashed my head into them.
They're sitting next to me and it's like always a stranger, you know.
Yeah, I have to get one of those like neck pillow things just so it like.
Yeah, it's strange how much my neck moves because I am like totally not in control.
I think I've gotten those like I've got like three different ones
because I never actually take it with me once I get one.
Yeah, it's home and then I'm like, yeah, yeah.
So I've bought like three of them at the airports in cases.
I was like, we have to let the why do you keep buying?
And I don't even fall asleep.
So it's stupid.
So do you have an eight sleep?
I don't have an eight sleep.
I have a a I'm going to mess this up a chili pad.
Yeah, I think the company is chili pad, but it's called an Euler.
Maybe the app is called Sleep Me.
Can I just go on a little tiny rant?
It's very small about these smart product companies and their naming of things.
I have blinds.
They're called I thought they were called tilt blinds, but they're made from a company.
It used to be my smart roller blinds or something.
No, tilt shades.
They're roller shades and they were my smart roller shades and the app.
There's two apps.
They didn't get really old one.
There's still a my smart roller shade app and a tilt app.
And there's home bridge connectors for both of them.
But then the company is like a whole different.
It's like smarter home.
It's like, why can't they just one name for the thing and all the products?
It drives me crazy.
I think we have the same scale too, because I started talking about this
and I have the same issue with a scale where it's like a we thing scale,
but it's like okay now.
Yes.
Yeah, and I never remember the name of the app.
And the app is all totally different.
I have to open my sleep.
Me app to change my Euler made by chili pad.
Just like I cannot remember those things.
And then the passwords, it's a whole thing.
Do you use a password manager?
That's another conversation.
Yeah, I use Bitwarden Bitwarden.
OK, but you're in the app world.
So I'm assuming you just iCloud everything.
You would think that would be a good idea.
But I use the worst possible thing, which is last pass, which I get made
in front of every time I would publicly have all your passwords.
Well, it's had like a big breach.
I think they did like one thing you can't do as a password manager is like,
well, you call the passwords.
But when you and your spouse both use it on all your devices,
you know how hard it is to change a password manager.
No, it is hard.
It is difficult.
So with your thing, have you tried like cranking down the temperature?
So it just like freezes you at night.
So this is what Casey said to me yesterday.
She said, is your Euler low enough?
I said, let me check the sleep me app.
No, I didn't really say that.
I get so cold.
I don't know.
Like, I feel like I've been so cold at night and I thought I ran hotter than.
I mean, I'm a big male and she's a small female.
I thought I ran hotter, but she I found it.
Hers is like 10 degrees colder than mine.
Liz runs hotter than I do.
Like usually wants everything colder than I do.
Yeah.
So I maybe I should turn mine down because I have it pretty high compared to hers.
But I feel like I'm already cold and the fans going.
And I'm like a little old lady.
I've got my two blankets.
Well, try going the other way.
Just like jacket up, make it hottest, make it really hot.
I don't know.
Try stuff at this point.
Just mix it up.
I might just need to sleep like on a couch and just see how I do.
I might do that.
I might just maybe it's too fancy.
Maybe.
Yeah, we've done all kinds of man or bed.
You're going to make fun of me so much for so many of these things.
So the layers that our bed is.
So we have like a latex mattress,
which is already like five layers because you buy the individual layers
and you build up like a firmness profile for your side of the bed.
So there's like five layers that make up the mattress.
And then we have the Euler, I think directly on top of that.
And then we have a mattress pad and then we have sheets that are like
conductive grounding sheets.
I don't know if they work, but I love the idea that my sheets are plugged into the
wall.
Like it's just awesome.
Well, like not they're plugged into the wall.
Yeah, to the ground.
It's like ground.
I don't like it's like a socket.
You're not in. Yeah, not the whole socket, just the ground, little, a little, you know what I'm talking about.
And Casey and I don't sleep in the same sheets.
Is that weird or not the same like blanket?
She uses different blankets than me.
Is that weird?
Hang on.
So like we're on the same bed.
It's a king size bed, California King, actually, and you have separate blankets.
So you can't physically touch.
I mean, we could, but it's work, you know, like there's there's pillows in the way.
There's blankets.
We have like our own little fort on each other bed.
Oh my God.
Yeah, we use different blankets.
I don't know at what point at what point we started, but it almost feels like we sleep
in different rooms because like different bedding entirely.
It's hard to make the bed also.
Sorry.
This is getting really weird.
I should probably stop.
I'm just going to stop.
I don't want to comment on your marriage.
So like I don't know if I go there.
I don't know why.
I'm like asking for advice.
There's already been rumors that Casey hates you.
So that was a big rumor.
I think you started that rumor though.
No, I think you said it.
What are we talking about sleep?
OK, so I'm going to try something different tonight.
I'm going to try something different.
Maybe go in the couch and like just go primitive.
Yeah, just see how I sleep outside.
Maybe I'll just stay up all night.
Maybe I'll just like see if I can get so tired that I sleep good the next night.
And then I'll start a trend of sleeping good or something.
My body will figure out how to do it.
We'll see.
Am I going to get one of those videos from you again, where you like record yourself
at 3 a.m.?
He's lugging insane.
Isn't that video that you've only seen?
No one will ever ever see.
Man, one day, unless I decide I'm leaving the internet and then everyone will see it.
Once you die from prostate cancer, I'll post that video as a final tribute.
It's funny.
OK, so your sleep is messed up.
It's messed up, yeah, which means nothing in your life can go well.
Yeah, and I'm trying to sleep more.
I'm like training with a personal trainer now.
I do two private lessons with jiu-jitsu every week.
Like I'm doing so much physical activity.
I'm doing the knees over toes guys workouts because my knees are both swollen.
I'm doing like cardio stuff.
Do you do four by fours for VO2 max training?
Like I'm doing all this stuff and I'm 37.
I'm not young anymore, Dax.
I'm not 31.
So I need sleep.
I think like sleep is a big part of being active and recovering, right?
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, do you have a whoop or did you have an or an ora?
Yeah, similar.
You know, that recovery stuff is like extremely accurate.
Even if you're not a pro athlete, like when I was working out more, there were days
where I would just have terrible performance in the gym.
And it always lined up with the recovery score thing.
Yeah.
So the whoop does that too.
I love that.
I like I wake up and it's like when I feel like garbage, it's like, Oh, 78 on the recovery.
That makes sense.
And when I feel really good, it's like I'm ready to do a workout today.
Something about that's motivating.
I've just been doing a sandbag workout that I mentioned.
I got a sandbag.
I actually got the idea from you because you mentioned that a while ago.
And then I started looking into it and I was like, all you need is a sandbag
and you can do all this stuff in your front yard.
That's a totally different membership.
Yeah, it's a totally different kind of workout.
Like it's it's good.
It's hard. It's hard to hold a sandbag.
Yeah, I like that the lack of precision with it.
Because I feel like it's like the workouts are very good.
Yeah, exactly.
We're like lifting over your head in like one side ways, too much.
And the other side, wait, it's like not balanced perfectly.
Yeah. Yeah.
And yeah, you can do so much with it.
So I just been doing these like daily workouts with them.
I got my sandbag.
I did some workouts and then I joined this gym where I'm like working with a personal trainer.
And this entire gym, they've got like everything you can imagine.
No sandbags.
So I can do any sandbags with my personal trainer.
He looked at me funny when I asked him if they had sandbags.
Like, well, we have sandbags.
I get that because if you have all the like the specific equipment,
that's the same.
A sandbag approximates all that.
It's like a versatile thing.
Oh, yeah, I guess so.
Yeah, it's been great because now I just walk out like guys wait till it's honey
and I just walk out and I do my workout and I can go back in.
It's like super fishing and fit it in anywhere.
I was already only walking like three minutes to the gym anyway,
but now it's now it's down to like 10 seconds.
I'm just so jealous that you can go outside right now.
It's been so gross here.
Like cold, sleet, snow.
It's going to be like minus 15.
A low line is 15 over the weekend.
Yeah, there's going to be a night that the low is minus 15.
That's not going to go outside.
I don't know.
I'm not going to.
Oh my God, it's too cold.
I'm going to Kansas City for a tournament and it's even colder up there.
Like it's three hours north.
It's going to be, it's going to be brutal.
It dropped to 60 degrees for a week and I got sick.
You suck.
I keep doing sandbag workouts in your front lawn.
We should talk about something and there's some stuff going on in tech.
Like I thought there's been so many layoffs.
These layoffs again, I can't believe they're still going around.
I thought the rates were going down and life was good again.
We're going to start seeing all the like TikToks from the project managers again.
Like I thought all that was coming back and then suddenly Google laid off
like a ton of people.
Wait, so it was like 30,000 or so.
No, no, that was fake news.
It sounds like they are doing layoffs, but that 30,000 number was like was fake.
OK, just to recap though, which thing is crazy because I feel like they've had so
many rounds of it and it's like every X number of months, you just have like a day
where you're stressed out and then maybe you survive.
But then like a bunch of people, you know, it's just like it's so brutal to have to go
with that over and over and over.
And could they not just tell their employees about the last before they read it on Twitter?
Like why can't they get this right?
I feel like it's just like, I don't really have big opinions about layoffs and about
ethical whatever implications, but just like sending an email and saying, hey,
we're going to do whatever the PR thing is going to say, whatever the thing that's
going to leak and tell everybody there's layoffs, just say that in an email first
so they don't learn about it on Twitter because they just learn about it on Twitter, right?
Like, yeah, I mean, yeah, it's so crazy and everyone just stressed for a day.
And then, yeah, it's just like, man, that's like such a motivation killer.
And I feel like even if you survive all the rounds, you're like, probably want to quit anyway.
Yeah, I think one of our friends on Twitter, I think, well, I would have met her at Twitch
Con. I don't know if you know her works at Twitch.
Her entire team got let go.
I saw.
I saw a tweet.
Yeah, it's just her, but her whole team is like, then what do you do?
You don't know, like, like, where am I going?
And the org?
Yeah, that's a mess.
It's tough.
Yeah. And I did.
And I did see something about the other, like Google and a few other big companies today.
I saw people talking about people are getting notified.
They're laid off that 30,000 number was confusing because they're restructuring
an org that has 30,000 people in it because the last 10 years of them automating stuff
with machine learning and has just made that like, yeah, the headline made it like AI
takes 30,000.
Yeah, it's not any of like the new AI stuff.
It's just stuff that they've been doing for forever.
I think it's like, they're like recommending tweaks to ads automatically or something.
So the whole service part of like servicing someone that's running ads on Google, which
is less important.
So they're like restructuring it and I'm sure like they're going to let some people go as
a result of that, but it's not like they're letting go 30,000 people.
Right.
Okay.
Yeah.
I think I saw today was there more Google Huts hundreds of jobs.
Today.
So.
So what is your take on like the current technology landscape, like economy, all of it, like, are
we on the way down?
Are we on the way up?
Where are we headed?
Yeah.
I think the thing is like with this type of thing, like there's so many specifics that
matter, like one company doing layoffs versus another company doing layoffs.
The fact that they're doing at the same time is like a trend, but the reasons are like
the background line is completely different.
Yeah.
With Google, I feel like their cuts are like meaningful in that I think the CEO has been
a bad CEO and I think they've like missed out on a ton of opportunities and like they're
like kind of having to really like reckon with who they are and what their future is.
Yeah.
But their cuts, I'm like, I don't know if those jobs are coming back.
There's other companies like another Amazon that does cuts and I think that's just them
like taking the opportunity to like reset and I'm sure they're going to grow back up
to that size.
Yeah.
At some point, I can't imagine that there's still like a lot of layoffs that are incoming.
There's also not layoffs, but all the exodus from AWS.
Have you seen people leaving?
Yeah, I did.
Yeah.
It's been framed that like really the back to office thing was to just is like a way of
doing layoffs without the negative publicity.
Like they knew people would leave because nobody want to come back to the office and
it worked.
And like very high profile people with large social media followings have been leaving and
announcing that they left.
That's a whole nother thing.
Yeah.
There's some really great people at AWS like people I've loved interacting with that are
seem like great people.
And then there's some weird stuff, there's some weird stuff I've heard stories I've heard
about just like weird power dynamics within AWS.
And then this has kind of been more of those cracks showing publicly like it used to be
that it felt like there's this impenetrable wall.
They were all on the same page and I don't know, morale was very high at AWS and that's
changed a lot.
I feel like in the last year, yeah, I can see that like I even just in my time interacting
using AWS, I feel like it's just gotten more and more as I just become a much more political
organization.
It feels like there's like a lot of complexity behind the scenes that are like not related
to the technology of the product, just like corporate complexity.
Yeah.
I can see that the return to office thing is interesting.
I don't know.
I don't fully understand the strategy there.
Like you want to do layoffs, then return to office is a good way, it's like a convenient
way to like cut because people will self select out.
Yeah.
But you have no control over who self selects out, right?
And they're not stupid enough to like not understand that.
I'm sure they understand that.
So to me, that means like it they don't care who leaves and maybe they really feel like
they just need like a full reset and like, you know, new people will come in better grades
probably.
Yeah.
I don't fully get it.
Like everyone tries to explain the return to office thing in such like simplistic ways
like, oh, managers want to like feel powerful so they can like be people in the office or
something.
I don't know if it's that simple like I just don't get it.
I haven't seen an adequate explanation.
Yeah.
The article I saw because I just I read something yesterday after I saw a couple of people that
left that I'm surprised left that like they were trying to specifically cut a lot of the
like high earners and that they thought those high earners would be the most put off by like
coming into the office, which is interesting, like we're trying to make sense though because
the salaries you pay like having been at a company that did a lot of hiring the salaries
you end up paying people are like so random, like it's completely based off of like they
got into the right time and people at the company were stressed in a certain way at the right
time.
Yeah.
The market looked a certain way.
And then like you like play if you like do hiring for two years and look back like the
pay scales are so random like you have people that suck that are making a lot of people that
are good that aren't making as much.
And I can see how like at a company it's been around for that long that you know pays high
salaries.
It probably was like a complete mess in terms of and yeah in terms of that so that Amazon
specifically for a long time was kind of like a low salary.
Yeah.
It was like high stock compensation.
But they did.
I mean even them they up their salary floor during like the crazy COVID times.
I'm sure a lot of people got in during then that they're like and this isn't really worth
paying them that much so.
I saw you you tweeted something the other day about about salaries it was on the other
side of it like from an individual perspective like there's such a ceiling on what you can
make from a company on a salary versus like consulting or whatever.
Yeah.
It's just like it's just so inappropriate for a company to have two people on the same team
and like pay one person like double yeah it's like so like outside the realm of anything
that anyone would ever consider but it's not a reasonable to say the person is like twice
is like if you actually analyze it other twice more than even more like sometimes they're
like doing 90% of the work.
Yeah.
So the asymmetry is always there and if you're capable of being independent you can just capture
them.
I mean you know there's like you did that as well.
So it's just like yeah it's just like the salary thing is it's all against a random like
it's it's timing it's all these weird things that are just lucky in a lot of ways.
Yeah.
I have a totally unrelated question but just bringing up your Twitter when are you going
to run out of things to say when are you going to like not have this like just steady stream
of you have like four three I don't know four or five tweets a day that are like where
does this come from in your brain like how do you have this much in your brain you know
it's funny it's funny you bring that up because almost every day I'm like oh that's it.
I'm running I'm out of stuff like every day I'm just like I don't like I think I this is
all the stuff that I know about these are like all the good stuff and I really can't
see myself coming up with like anything else and sometimes it lasts like a couple days
where I'm just like yeah no good thoughts about anything but eventually like there's
just more stimulus that like triggers something but yeah I feel the same way too like I'm
just like I'm out I'm done I don't think smart to say anymore.
I think I actually did run out like two years ago and that's why I just don't tweet anymore.
I just had a lot less to work with yeah I think I just have a lot of stimulus like I
just have like a crazy amount of stimulus like yeah what is your stimulus you got on hacker
news and stuff don't you well no talking with Jay and Frank all the time and they're both
like really smart and they have like a lot of thoughts a lot of times like the stuff that
I'm posting about is really just stuff that they've said and we like discussed together
yeah you talk with me a lot I'm really smart yeah I talk with you yeah and that does something
for sure but it does something there's that then I get like all of the inbound from like
a community saying stuff talking about stuff we talked with other founders a kind of meeting
with another founder yesterday we had coffee ton of it's like a YC thing you just like
get together with YC people no no okay just got it just yeah I don't know just like yeah
so I feel like I just come across a lot of people talking about different things like
the guy I talked to yesterday was really smart guy like you know several exits already starting
a new company in AI but like not like a stupid AI company like he's really like putting a
lot of work to think about what he wants to do so I talked to him for like two like almost
two hours about I asked like every possible question that I had about the space yeah and
he's he's he's spent like so much time just thinking about it oh you know what it is it's
actually a refall refalls boss he's left his job and he lives in Miami and yeah so like
that was like two hours it looks interesting somewhere why did I think he was independent
or something he was for a while he was that steady for a while then he then he left and
was kind of independent and he joined this company called vendor that's an interesting
name this guy Aaron the CTO of and yeah so you know there's like it just comes on a stimulus
like if you're yeah getting that stuff eventually you'll have something interesting to say I
do have more interesting thoughts when I'm like listening to a good book or something yeah
I mean I guess I don't have thoughts I just I'm regurgitating things I read in the book
but my brain is like that's stimulus that's stimulus don't tell us oh wow I do I go I can
go weeks at a time without any stimulus can't I I mean I have stimulus from like the team
I work with like the people you do have a lot of stimulus any more stimulus I think I have
above average stimulus you might have like an average amount like people from like work
and stuff below average stimulus I think I have above average CO2 in my office like flashing
at me I'm getting into the red it's all this because you're talking I guess that's funny
yeah Liz made a joke today because she was talking about how she couldn't sleep well
and she was like should we open the windows at the CO2 but I was like didn't CO2 make
you sleepy I don't it should help minute it does though the window helps like okay my
question is I'm I am like in the worst room possible for this yeah and I I refuse to get
that one I refuse to get a CO2 monitor yeah I just refuse to get one just I just think
it's dumb I think it's dumb I mean to be fair like whatever the number I've never felt
effects where I'm like oh my brain is foggy it must be yeah to the other thing is I have
air conditioning running all year round does that make a difference maybe good my air circulating
technically so I'm wondering if it's like a non AC in a room situation I'll tell you
one thing I did learn yesterday that is very helpful to know because we have one of these
monitors if you put dry ice in the bathtub for your kids to just poke at and see the fog
and stuff critical levels of see if it's funny like it hit numbers it was like 2500 or something
we carry around like you know we set it in the bathroom walk because they just whenever
we get like we get like food delivery and it'll be like dry ice packed yeah no it's so fun
to play with yeah they love it it's like steaming over the bathtub walls you know so we did
that but we put the thing in there just to see because it's like basically co2 right like
it's what dry ice is I guess yeah I don't know yeah it's like hardened I don't know there's
a place by me that we get ice cream from sometimes it's like a liquid nitrogen ice cream place
I don't know if you have this it's ice cream that's made with liquid nitrogen it's made
with it or like made cold the process involves liquid nitrogen okay so like I don't know exactly
it works I've done this as like when I was a kid I was like a science experiment before
but I remember how it works but the result is like the smoothest creamiest ice cream
it's like it's so good and we get this like like Nutella mixed in there too yeah it is
uh it is insane I haven't had it in a while because I'm on keto but it's very good so one
of our dreams Casey and I is to like retire and to have a little food truck and sell banana
ice cream we make banana ice cream you ever have banana ice cream now you told me about
and it's how simple it is and how good it is I haven't tried it we make it almost like
every day uh we just have a constant supply of bananas ripening and going into the freezer
and we've gotten it down and it's delicious I mean it really like I don't know if it tastes
just like ice cream I haven't had dairy ice cream in a long time but it's just like this
smooth it's like vanilla ice cream I mean it really you take frozen bananas you blend
them up it's amazing how the texture and everything else it's like soft serve ice cream it's
really good I have to try it sounds like sell it out of a stand or something and like expose
people because there's so many people that can't do dairy now or ever yeah and that's
a lot more common like people are realizing they shouldn't consume dairy they don't do
well with it or whatever you have all these alt notes what about all the people that can't
eat bananas what about them are there people that can't eat bananas yeah it drives them
bananas oh wow I didn't see that one coming it just doesn't seem wrong brand for that
no it's not but I saw the opportunity you know what I want you know I actually really
want to get banana trees because you know those like smaller bananas that are like freaking
delicious but like you never get bananas yeah yeah my sort of yeah we order them from
your part right exactly but we want to I want to get those those are so there's so much
better than normal bananas do you make ice cream out of those or do you use a normal
no we just use Cavendish just the normal because we can get them at the store we used
to buy literal boxes of bananas even before we had kids we ate so many bananas and now
I guess we we eat less which is weird but we would buy like we'd go to the grocery store
and walk out with an entire box which is like I don't know twenty bunches of bananas it's
a lot and people would always be like what are you doing with those bananas we're freezing
on making ice cream but yeah the small ones we just get those to eat like the mysore and
there's like the praying hands bananas there's a lot of good banana varieties wow this episode
I mean we never really have a train of thought but this is we're all over the place well
I'm about to pivot hard oh good let's pivot yeah don't just pivot next pivot hard it's
only only kind of pivot that's worth it plant that foot yeah let's really pivot rotate 90
maybe a hundred eighty degrees so I've been doing a bunch of Cloudflare work the past
well this is good yes and I've been having a really good time with it it is a fun platform
SST ion right you like it's gonna be deployed from SST so now we can have like the mix of
Cloud providers yeah so one of the reasons we started doing it is because we're like doing
all the binding stuff and we want to make sure like this version of we're actually renaming
to linking so you can link when you link resources together if we want to we want to make sure
that our implementation is into a couple of AWS so having Cloudflare worker support means
like we're kind of forced to support it in a better way but we're gonna have we're gonna
be able to do like like our demo we'll be able to do something like create an S3 bucket
and then link it to a Cloudflare worker and upload a file like you can go across stuff
easily that way and because I really want to get to a place where people can incrementally
try workers for stuff okay if you look at like our bills Lambda is the highest part of
our bill and there's one function that is probably like 80% of that bill and it's just
something that's like reacting to an event bridge event so we want to have a way to just
swap that out with the Cloudflare worker because it's way cheaper and just experiment with
that I'm gonna like move everything over it's got that different building model right
like you only are billed for active compute not like idle yeah yeah it's cheaper to begin
with and then you're not billed for IO waiting and this functions a lot of IO waiting so
that was one of my questions like for a traditional web app like let's say you're building a
next s app and you're using open next an SSD to deploy it with a future ideal infrastructure
look like you're using Cloudflare to replace Cloudfront I assume you're not also sitting
up a Cloudfront distribution right just Cloudflare is your CDN yeah so there's like the reality
is when you start to say okay I'm going to use two different Cloud providers even within
AWS there's kind of an infinite number of ways you can configure actually a site or
an Azure site you add in another cloud provider now there's like you know it's an at times
infinite number of ways you can configure the combination so that's why I'm asking sort
of from like the perspective of next year specifically like is there an ideal infrastructure
when you blend these different if you have all the providers at your disposal what does
it look like I assume it's something similar to whatever cell does it's actually not weirdly
enough because they're slow compared yeah because they have the extra hop in between and that
is my next question to follow up if you want to just go and get into this is like when
you start blending different providers what kind of latency issues do you have to think
about like when it's database connections go ahead so we're based I think I think our
approach is we're going to do two extremes so so today we have the extreme of next year
on AWS using all AWS stuff we're going to do a version of next year as that is like very
very cloud flare oriented okay which is like the kind of pretty much entirely running on
on cloud flare so the question is like what about the in-between step where you mix to
we're not 100% sure if people actually want this but it could actually be pretty simple
it could just be dropping cloud front and then putting cloud flare as a CDN in front
now you're using workers or Lambda functions at that point you're still using Lambda functions
maybe you can do that like you can flag certain routes as as work or whatever and then those
can get deployed but the class their workers I've never worked with them they're not node
right they're no they're not node yeah a lot of dependencies do not work with them you
pretty much architect for them yeah yeah yeah like cloud front functions or whatever yeah
it's better than I mean it's not as crazy yeah let's limit it than that yeah and it's
expanding it's a constantly expanding like they're adding more and more node APIs kind
of like a bun is doing the same thing yeah so who's doing that work that's just a cloud
flare team that's kind of doing what the bun team is doing sort of yep exactly like building
this other JavaScript runtime that also supports node APIs yeah but it's it's like a narrower
focus like they're not trying to be like a hundred percent drop in compatibility with
node yeah there's more constraints because their goal is just to host it really efficiently
on their infrastructure I mean they're working on that and I think at this point it's it
to be honest it's a lot like moving from not serverless to serverless like you can try
and just drop in your old applications until Lambda function but it's gonna be like either
not work or it's gonna be inefficient yeah so people got to a place where they were like
architecting specifically for a Lambda architecture it's kind of like that like you would architect
specifically for a cloud flare and all the primitives are there and it's kind of interesting
because I've discovered that there are people building full applications on cloud flare it's
happening like people already doing this or proving you can do it they're all extremely
pro like they're all like they all like really know this stuff because you have to right now
to like use this stuff well that's what's exciting to me because I feel like they've
proven it's possible I can see how it's possible and it's really just missing something that
like brings it into the hands of like the average person yeah that's that's what I wondered
like what are the existing infrastructure is code options is it just terraform right now
it's just terraform and they have their own Wrangler thing which is which is their like
take on helping you build stuff in cloud flare it's not infrastructure as code approach and
it's kind of like really focused on building like a single worker as opposed to a whole
application yeah not to say you can't do that everyone doing cloud flare stuff today is using
Wrangler but I think our approach what we did for AWS and Lambda and like the live debug
and having your whole application to find there and things connecting together I think
if we bring that over it'll be really compelling yeah best experience on cloud flare probably
yeah exactly and the team has been super super helpful like they set up a slack channel with
us and really proactive and like trying to like help us take over yeah more stuff that
you kind of have similar preliminary experience too right yeah it's so weird when people actually
want to be helpful what is this like you started with just AWS and it's like man working with
companies it's hard yeah I know AWS literally instead of just working with us they like
spun up a team to copy SST like it just like why it just doesn't make any sense like no
one on the team is motivated I mean that's kind of how they operate when you think about
the open source ecosystem yeah like serverless framework and Sam is kind of the same story
yeah and then even outside of tooling like you look at runtime stuff at elastic and there's
been other stuff right where they just kind of like we'll just build a team that builds
this stuff too yeah it's and it's fine for stuff like that but it just doesn't work for
like last mile tools I'd say why would it is not that it's not a good fit so yeah but
yeah it's nice to have companies at one naturally do that stuff better like Cloudflare's stuff
is just so simple and nice and on top of that they're like really excited about us building
stuff for there because so with as one as you would expect one would be when you're like
you know oh yeah put something out there and other people but on top that should excite
you right yep but it uh yeah surprising we not with AWS we need to get like the live
debug so like live well we always call it live lambda but I guess this doesn't make
sense here we need a new name for it yeah live functions or live yeah I don't think once
we get that working then yeah people will be able to use workers and I want I need to find
a way to like subscribe a worker to an SQS queue we're like an event bridge oh wow yeah
you're bringing it to people like me who would have probably it would have been a long time
before I really broke into Cloudflare yeah because right now it's all or nothing but
we think we can make it incremental yeah pathway to using Cloudflare stuff hmm all very fascinating
stuff I'm trying to I'm teaching this I'm trying to like teach this stuff and it's a
very moving target like I want to teach the SSC is a big part of I think bridging the gap
between modern web devs and things that you have to think about for ten seconds like they've
just never had to think about it and they're like kind of coddled with some of the other
companies and tools that are out there yeah yeah so I feel like SSTs this linchpin and
you guys just move so fast it's very hard to make I know I don't need materials but it's
like yeah I want to teach the old thing do I even consider stacks like those are gonna
go away now I'm just I'm thinking out loud but yeah no I know it's it's like a weird time
but I mean AWS is still like our big focus the Cloudflare stuff is more to just make the
carton or design so we're not like so coupled to one thing yeah yeah but the AWS stuff on
ion is also great like we've been deploying stuff through that and yeah if you move past
that I know you're working on the open next the next day as construct have you gone into
any other constructs yet or yeah so we've got we got our function contract we've got the
new Aurora v2 stuff we've got the new Aurora v2 stuff with the date API yeah that's all
on I on now yeah I mean we haven't we haven't like released or documented this stuff but
the thing that I just the thing that yeah I'm like that's getting a new build today I don't
care just give it to me and then I eat so the thing that I worked on the last couple
days was we have a good new secret system and it's like so much better the all the stuff
that you've been waiting for like that prefecture for ashtray like it's just how that works by
default now in the in in ion and a lot of stuff is like really clean when can I start
using on just for playing around yeah so we actually talked about this we're actually
going to use your project as like let's like help Adam successfully move over and that'll
be like a good oh nice what the migration looks like let's let's do that let's help
Adam move over I like it yeah cuz here's like between between your thing and our console
which also some of ever that's like yeah I mean that covers a lot of stuff pretty good
amount of things yeah soon I think we're I think by energy anywhere it will have like
a stable release where I'm not thinking so full of time that's insane to me I remember
thinking this is going to be like summer when you first talked about ion like like a whole
new rewrite six months something but it feels like it's moving really fast yeah yeah it's
this funny thing where Jay talks about it all the time I actually don't I don't have examples
that comes in mind right away but this is like a common thing where you'll have a team
that has built a product and gain expertise in something and they'll like launch a new
more focused thing using their expertise and usually comes out really nice cuz like the
first x years were basically research to build expertise and they use nail it on that on that
second try yeah we're hoping that's how it pans out yeah what what is that adage that
the takes three implementations to get anything right yeah exactly yeah yeah one two and three
yeah it's exciting never been a better time to be a web developer we really do we really
do have it made like as much as twitter can get really annoying and sometimes it just feels
like we spend a lot of time talking about the stupidest stuff it really is there's just
so many ways to do things today and it's it's exciting I have a it just brings up something
for me and if you saw I posted the other day where I'm like everything people talk about
I'm just so boring like it's just the most boring irrelevant stuff ever yeah yeah talking
to this guy yesterday that so his he's starting this company and he's not like trying to do
like oh like just the next iterative AI thing that like generates a lot of buzz he's imagining
like what could the world look like in five years and yeah given like x things exist in
five years like what company would need to exist then he's trying to build he's like trying
to end run it and build that now and was talking about what he's working on and it's like obviously
it's a massive bet like he's predicting like a lot of really optimistic advancements in
the next five years like the most optimistic case he's building for that yeah it's obviously
seems really crazy and then I go on twitter and people are like arguing about turnaries
and I'm just like that is a thing in the last couple days what where'd that come from yeah
yeah I'm just like like this guy is imagining a world where you literally like on board
an AI agent the same way you on board an employee and give them access to like their octa account
their Google drive account you like train them and then you like work with them as like a real
employee and then people are like debating like turnaries and it's like you guys there's
like a bulldozer coming like you have no idea what's yeah what's on the way and this is like
you know if this is what we're gonna talk about yeah I think we deserve to get squished we need
to be replaced squished by that yeah obviously he's like extremely he represents like the
maximal AI maximal scenario and even for that like there's so so much work to be done in the
world he's envisioning but not by the people arguing about turnaries I guarantee that
yeah I just feel like stuff just feels like boring like kind of out of touch yeah I just feel a little
like detached yeah yeah it does feel like there's just a lot of manufacturing stuff to talk about
because we're all just kind of in this collective space of Twitter and I don't know you can only
like I just don't really talk about tech anymore maybe because of these things uh I feel like
you can only talk about what you ate and how you worked out today so many times and then it's
just kind of like I'm bored I don't have a reason to be here so that turnaries turnaries yeah well
I was even reading my it was like going through like some of my tweets for the past week and I'm like
yeah I don't really talk about programming that much anymore is it more like I'm trying to think
what you tweet is it more like uh higher level like thought processes and organizational philosophies
and that kind of stuff I don't even know like I don't know if this stuff I talked about has a
category but I just know I'm not talking about like programming really yeah no yeah it's still
tech related it's it's like yeah there's daxisms it's just every tweet is like a it's like a dax
view of the world it's either that or it's a troll or it's an insult those are my three insulting
people there's a lot of that too yeah you know people love being insulted they really do I think
people like you you come off a certain way at first and then they're like I kind of like being
talked to like that yeah we just want someone to be a little mean to them that's how I'm convinced
that people love it every time I'm like aggressively mean those tweets are the ones that go like
at the most likes I'm like you all know this I know it that's so funny yeah I wonder if it's
because everyone reads it and they're like he's not talking about me he's talking about everybody
else you're doing something yesterday I had the opposite but when I was like he's talking about
me it was something you said uh oh what was it it was something about like up front pain like
work you only want to work with people anytime you say you only want to work with people that do
x I think oh man I did something that's the opposite of that it's hard working with Adam
it's what I asked you if I was annoying you because I really thought that tweet was about
oh no no it's funny because I think you're a good example of that tweet like you take a lot
of up front pain oh I do do that because I don't know if I do or not I mean I do cold
plunges that's up front pain I'm definitely not I'm definitely not encouraging your cold
plunges don't okay don't mix that's why I was late today by the way I was in the cold
plunge and you like almost died you like you like yeah it's like 20 degrees outside it really
sucks when there's no okay you know here's my suggestion for your sleep maybe just like
reset everything and be like go back to not doing anything just like stop listening to
Huberman and like you just have like so you have so many variables going on here I do there's a lot
of extremes a lot yeah so I feel you seem to cut and yeah I have introduced like a ton of new
supplements a ton of new workout routines it's just a lot of different things in the last few weeks
maybe maybe it is it's one of those things and I need to just chill out maybe I just need a little
like reset just yeah I mean you bring these things back in but maybe they'll give you some clarity on
what yeah what it is maybe Casey's convinced it's just stress I don't feel extra stressed I feel
normal stress which is like I always feel stressed I always just don't like we're never gonna make
another dollar and I have to do you do you have that feeling like oh yeah I feel like it's all
gonna go away I'm never gonna be able to make money again and it's like every month like a new
yeah I feel exactly it's funny like the further I get my career like you like of course your fall
backs and your floor increases but like never actually feels that way it never yeah you never
feel safe you never feel like things are just set it's always this feeling of like the world
just keeps changing yeah yeah stuff just keeps changing like if the world froze where it was like
three or four years ago I probably feel like yeah something but yeah but now I can't help but
think about the AI agents that somebody's gonna unleash and like knowledge workers are just all
gonna lose their jobs and mass okay I'm breathing good I'm gonna lower that cortisol maybe you can't
sleep because of fear of AI maybe AI has scared me sleepless huh well I don't know what to do about
that the cold plunge isn't I can't cut that out and see any improvement all right this just got
really dark I feel like we need to end that can we end on some kind of a high note here we're now
hung out with Ken Wheeler oh yeah Tuesday yeah yeah I was good what was what was the drink what was
the I saw the tweet with the like okay he shows up tub and he's like he messaged me being like oh I
have to get drinks with he's got a skip level meeting or whatever yeah and he shows up and he's had
six old fashions already and he showed me texts from the guy he met with and the guy just like
done he's like back at a hotel room like just completely just done and Ken is like like you
wouldn't ever even think he's drunk he seems like jolly like he doesn't really seem like anything
and then we sit down and then he gets he talks like we're talking to waiter and then he's like
oh do you like all fashions again goes I just had six of them and then okay well you want more
and it's like some fancy old-fashioned they brought it out in a box full of maybe it was dry ice because
it was a it was that a theme thing the fog thing so yeah he ordered two of those so he had eight total
and again did you drink did you drink anything I had one drink I had one drink and I was driving
so I can I don't want to do too much but yeah I was like if I think if I had like two I would
definitely be like obviously drunk and three I would be like very drunk gone and he stayed in
and yeah he's just like he's just a very functioning alcoholic it just it is impressive it's funny
yeah he made fun of you I brought you up he made fun of you make sure as you would expect I would
expect yeah I've only had the one can experience in Atlanta but I'm sure he had plenty of material
to work with a very intense place to meet him yeah right he's got a lot going on in Atlanta
yeah it was fun he just told me like a million stories he has just like the craziest craziest
stories oh yeah he does and I was just laughing the whole time yeah that's how my skin is gone
and then dropped him off his hotel he actually might move here like seriously not even not even
as a joke yeah like he belongs in Miami you really yeah he fits in perfectly uh his company's HQ is
here yeah they probably want him to be around here to begin with yeah keep tabs yeah and if he
moves here he's actually going to move I think he would move to a neighborhood like five minutes
away from me oh for real how weird would it be if the two people that were the two engineers from
Tech Twitter that from Miami it's just like I ever bought two dudes so there's like there's
like there's there's some like there's some like history yeah there's something going on here
he's giving a talk at Rick Miami I was gonna say I'm excited about Rick Miami I guess all the
speaker that I've been seeing the people post like I'm speaking or I'm not speaking so I guess that's
all happened now yeah the official post with the speakers are gonna be in five days or something
in the next week I've been disappointed in some of the people that won't be speaking and I guess
like those people just don't come when they're not speaking which is bigger yeah yeah it's like
someone who's not trying to speak I'm just planning on going to Rick Miami and then I learned like
oh these people won't be there because they're talking and get accepted that sucks yeah so I saw
the full speaker list and I think it was a conservative pick I think it wasn't like there wasn't many
like weirder choices yeah for talk I think it was like kind of conservative which I get like you know
it's like yeah so many spots and there's like a lot of eyeballs on it this year so it definitely
probably feels difficult to make like bets on weird things so it's like very much like anything
tech related is like pretty much react related yeah there's like not too much like outside the
bounds of that yeah but it'll still be a good time I hope oh pretty such a good time there's a good
amount of people that are going regardless of their talking accepted or not my party's gonna be fun
I'm excited about that oh I'm so excited about your party if I'm invited I'm excited I can come
right did I tell you about the funny detail about that situation no you know this is so high school
it was the most high school thing ever but uh if they ever do a documentary party going on yes
not really not really a rebel party but it's during your most keynote company what your wait
your party's gonna be during his keynote yeah cuz like react react Miami's like inside a bigger
conference oh yeah the yeah they wanted to do like something with three act Miami's arriving
game I'll give a talk at the main conference yeah I'm pretty sure my thing is during it and I'm like
that's awesome this is perfect I thought you were saying there was another party going on I mean
sort yeah it's like there's a conflict at the same time a conflict yeah yeah some people are
gonna have to choose pick size between yeah I love the tension between you and the triangle
company it's one of my favorite things on the internet yeah it is funny I just love a symmetry
it's great because like you're a person and they're like a venture backed entity so like they could
have an ending I guess you could have an ending too but like you eat pretty good you seem like
you take it so I will outlast them yes yeah I would think so right it's a good bet most companies
don't make it very long that's not I'm gonna have to put like shame on them that they're just yeah
generally but those companies don't last that long yeah so yeah it's an interesting yeah so yeah
Stefan was saying the other day like are you like worried because there's like you know people
invested like hundreds of millions of dollars into this thing oh there's a lot of money involved
yeah like the antagonist if I yeah like there are like movies with less crazy plots where like
your character gets killed yeah I know it's the things you've said wow it's pretty fun you're really
brave thanks you're so brave people bring that one up but nobody everyone forgets Prisma Prisma
is really the one oh man I'm the most proud of like who's proud of your stance on Prisma and well
because they were just such an annoyance for me personally every single day of my life because
of all the support we had to do trying to get Prisma working inside yeah lambda and just everything
around that uh and then Germo built his new demo with Drizzle oh so even Vercelle has moved away
sorry even the triangle company has moved away from Prisma yeah does it I feel like everyone just
kind of collectively and you were a big part of the the wave here like everyone just sort of collectively
did away with Prisma like obviously Drizzle's done really well a lot of people just moved to
Drizzle but even aside from that just like people stopped using Prisma it became known like Prisma
bad mostly because like it was so tight people everyone that uses Vercel takes up the majority of
the the discourse on Twitter already so they're the most vocal and they were all like using Prisma
which was just a terrible combination and yeah it's interesting yeah and that that's like that
you know that company raised like hundred something million dollars like they're big right they have
like a lot of people a lot of these two at least I don't know what's going on with them lately
but yeah I never see anyone talking about like rarely see people talking about Prisma anymore
that's interesting yeah there's a lot of venture dollars at stake here Dax you kind of been like
on a heater should probably look over your shoulder a little bit okay but here's the thing
I just love money if you want me to stop just pay me just pay just pay you don't have to kill me
you don't have to do anything that's you know risking you're going to jail just pay you and
you'll be nice you'll start paying positive things about Prisma I won't say positive things but I'll
shut up you just won't say bad things oh right you don't know you haven't say anything about Prisma
in a while if I'm thinking about it because everyone stopped using it you don't feel like you need
to or because a little I wish they were paying me I wish they were paying me honestly it just takes
I think it's worth like a hundred K a year to have me shut up and never talk about your company
I mean just a couple of those companies like for Prisma it really is the economics actually
makes sense it really does make sense I'm sure you've caused that much in damages not to just keep
beating this drum and don't need to really get somebody after you but yeah so that's I mean
that's like a reverse dev rel reverse sponsorship or something yeah I say well so I started doing
the math and then I realized wait just do people pay for Prisma who pays for Prisma how did they
raise so much money they have a bunch of work that was like my first tweet ever about them I was
like the year is 2022 and your ORM has just been $75 million yeah do you know anybody that's paying
like their credit card is entered into the Prisma website well yeah because people that are that
are using it and had all the like the performance issues and I'm kind of stuck paying for it issues
they caused yeah there's a solution yeah it's like a it's like a until they figure out how to move
off of it like it's a easy solution yeah interesting yeah then they have this like new real-time thing
that like sends you real-time updates from changes in your database and there's a there's a space
the real-time space is heating up a lot players in the space is that a space that can support
multiple startups I feel like people have been entering that space for like my entire
like career I've just been seeing like real-time made easy for like ever yeah um and yeah no one's
really won it so I guess there's still an opportunity is it is it because like is part of the problem
the inherent issue that like not everything needs real-time or there's very is it just very few
use cases very few apps that really need real-time I was talking to Sunil about this because he's
working on PartyKit right which is in the space and my point to him was I think the problem with
the marketing of all these solutions is they focus on the most real-time cool demos which are like
whiteboarding or like some like crazy cloud situation yeah which all like looks cool and like shows
their product is powerful but that just makes people think like oh it's for wanting to build
one of like those apps those like yeah I suppose the links thinking in terms of the thing they're
already working on yeah which every app should sync it could benefit yeah if you have two tabs
open you guys stuff in one tab the other tab should be updated if someone else edit something it's
not like real-time collaborative stuff but like things should get pushed to you like the internet
should be pushed based yeah you shouldn't have to refresh the page to get the latest yeah exactly so
I think every app fundamentally needs should have this as a component but yeah it doesn't feel
that way with these solutions with your local first stuff with like replica and that architecture
are you doing is there's like a push component to that where you're pushing changes if it's funny
because uh it's it's it's it's this exact thing nothing I build this collaborative so my real-time
architecture is just a poke that comes over web socket that tells the front end to refetch to
rethink oh I see yeah like no data comes in over the web socket there's no diffs there's no patches
it's just hey you're stale yeah like do a do yeah and it's like you know it's not the most real-time
thing it's gonna be maybe like a second or two delayed but sure it's perfect for what I build yeah
most apps don't need like seeing the mouse cursor update in real time of something else yeah exactly
and that's usually what the demos are focused around yeah that's yeah that's why I think the
replica company like picked a very good set of constraints um like even them they're like demo
is this like if you go to reflect.com.net which is like their hosted solution it is that it is
like this crazy 60 frames per second real-time thing yeah yeah but replica itself it's like not
it's like the demo there's a boring demo it's of like like a like a ticket tracker like a linear
type thing where yeah yeah like you know stuff updates so much changes the status you see this
out of change you're not seeing their cursor or any of that and there's so many solutions in that
space like live blocks with such like when they were like going through what I see in first launching
like they were everywhere for a while I don't know what yeah I don't know what they're up to I'm
sure they're doing fine but all those companies have the coolest landing pages because they're like
do something that you're not seeing in a landing page yeah it's like interactive in some way yeah
like reflects is like a like a puzzle there's like a puzzle that spells out the future is real
time or something and you do the puzzle with everyone there um yeah it's interesting it's like that
reddit there is some like itch that that or yeah itch that that scratches like the reddit uh what
was that thing the where everybody's painting the picture together oh yeah yeah uh after auto is
called yeah is oh uh pixels is that right i don't remember it was like the one big canvas and like
everyone was that was amazing actually yeah that kind of stuff that really makes me like
like proud of humanity like what we can do like to see people paint like corners of that thing
in a certain way yeah sounds so hard to me yeah people do it going back to his real-time thing the
other thing that i've like been acutely understanding is i think everyone in a depth tool space is
vastly underestimated how big you need to be to survive like these days when i write a depth tool
i'm just like too small too small too small too small it's just like you need to be so big before
you can make enough money to like sustain yourself yeah um and a lot of these tools are like they're
useful and they're good but is every company in the world gonna drop that into their sec no right
and i literally think the only things that can survive are things that like theoretically every
company could drop into there yes somebody brought this up maybe you brought it up i remember seeing
people on twitter like call out examples of dev tool companies that have made it it was definitely
in response to a tweet of yours uh and it was like people brought up the mega companies like
microsoft is a great example of like yeah basically just a giant dev tools company now right i don't
know actually i don't know anything about the revenue they probably saw it i mean dev dev is
a huge part of it yeah it's a huge part of it right because like they do these huge acquisitions
github yeah so they've got this like vs code type script all these things that are so prevalent in
the dev community but they're like this giant mega corp with a ton of history what are some like
startups that have made it in the dev space so the question i asked was like what dev tool companies
are doing well i should have been more clear i meant like startups it like founded in the last
couple years yeah so some people said stuff like microsoft but that's not exactly what i was looking
for most answers were just companies that people liked and i was like they're not doing well like
they haven't made it yet yeah like i don't i there's very few responses i think uh i feel like super
base might be doing decently well the only reason i say that is because they're in such an interesting
situation so they built a product that is theoretically niche it's like people that want to use that
want like a full back end as a service built on top of postgres kind of like flesh out that
architecture as much as you can and make the best possible experience of that which is like a narrow
space but they accidentally also built the best postgres hosting service yeah so a lot of people
just use them as like a generic postgres host yeah and those other tools are like nice for like
debugging and things yeah and especially and there's been like new entrance into the space like neon
and like nyle and there's been like a bunch of them and super base is still like a good like
the best default postgres host so you like never you i like never see a company where they like
focus narrow and accidentally get a bigger market and they kind of did yeah i don't know if it's
i don't know if they're doing well enough to say that they're okay they're gonna be around for a
long time but literally outside of that on the path what about like cashy corp what about what
is that fit your country so cashy corp was is i would say like they are a little bit like the
previous generation like okay so not least in enough start yeah but even them like they're not
doing super well oh really i mean they're probably coming in their past yeah the past the point of
like making it for the founder yeah yeah yeah so definitely yeah David the century
seo actually quantified it in a good way they were like he was like you should have said who can
forecast a hundred million dollars in revenue in the next five years okay and i'm like yeah that's
exactly exactly what i was looking for and i don't i don't know if anything anything that i use
anything that i yeah i don't know it's like patchy corp did well because some of their tools were
literally like anyone in the world any code base in the world could use it whether they did that
terraform i need to drop into anywhere and on all the other products as well like who's building at
that level yeah it was such a peak at the peak interest rate phenomenon period here where the
most money was sloshing around where there's just so much of the space like so much of the
venture dollars flowing into dev tools and it is interesting how few of those dollars will probably
pan out yeah you really have to be like huge but i think most companies ambition was wasn't high
enough yeah yeah it's weird the stars yeah exactly exactly i mean but actually that's yeah you really
have to overshoot that actually made sense i'm gonna tweet it if it did that what i just said
actually applied to a situation hang on what was what did i say shoot for the stars you just you just
you just said a quote oh okay i can't tweet that then it's it's not you think you didn't invent that
did you i mean you can tweet it yeah i guess but i'm like i feel like your excitement level isn't
matching i'm not honest i just don't have a lot of thoughts dax okay when i have a thought i gotta
start putting them down maybe you should just start complaining a lot on twitter i do i did that
a lot i probably still do that a lot that's kind of the only thing i've ever done on twitter
uh i can't sleep no yeah yeah exactly i know i'm gonna switch into teaching that's gonna be my new
oh yeah i'm excited for that i'm excited do you have to be on the internet start to get that going
like i mean i'm going i am going uh there will be a free free thing first coming it's basically
just like all the stuffs people need to know before i can really get into the meat of what i'm
trying to teach and it's stuff that people who are just getting started shouldn't have to pay for
it's just like fundamental getting started on aws a lay of the land sort of a lot of theory around
the different services that you may not even really have to dive that deep in when you start
dealing with sst like it's a lot of it's abstracted but having that foundational understanding
can be really helpful it's like going to college and learning about like i know stuff about assembly
i don't write assembly but like i know stuff yeah that's basically like a free kind of half
practical half very theoretical grounding in aws for web developers uh i'd say in the next couple
months that's probably on track and then i think the better part of this year it's going to be
working on the broader effort of teaching this view of the world that i see nice yeah it's uh it's
funny because uh trash yesterday was in hell trying to sign up for aws because trying to set up uh
the organizations and the i am identity center and all that uh he didn't do that bad he like
almost got it right but did he reach out to you on discord or something or was this you saw it on
twitter or well he he was like yeah he did post on discord like i am as confusing and i was like
oh talk to me baby uh yeah and like he got close but not enough so that he didn't have to start over
then i sent him my that the document i wrote about setting up for organizations and all that and
it's just like like what it like actually bummed me out because i'm like here's someone that like
wants to use AWS yeah and we rely on people that are trying to use AWS yeah and this was his first
experience and he like almost he didn't have the option of actually turning but like he could have
just like given up at some point right yeah uh yeah it's like damn like this is what we're like
the only people we ever see are people that make it past that funnel that hurdle yeah yeah i hope
i hope what i'm doing will help with yeah exactly uh efforts yeah just not even afraid of us
super hard that's all right it's a hard first step yeah all right this podcast has been like an
hour and a half long this is new we've gone well the first 20 minutes we're just debugging but yeah
it's a long one relearning twitch it is a long one it's okay there's no there's no rules here
people can just say that i don't want to listen anymore i actually like recording on
Thursday it feels like it's going to come out on monday which is like a little fresher we talked
about stuff you know that maybe like was topical i don't know yeah i guess then it gives us stuff
to reflect on from the past couple days yeah if it's not too little time for christa edit this mess
of a of a podcast okay well this has been good i feel like we do need like a sign off or something
so it's not just like me having to use the restroom every time no it's perfect it's great do you have
to use about that is that no i actually don't have to pee where have i not drank anything today
what is going on this is good now you're being normal i'm being normal maybe i'll sleep good
tonight who knows we'll say we'll see okay i guess goodbye all right goodbye hello friend
dad i'm just so awkward i don't know we just we just go fuck off when we leave okay i'll be a little
aggressive yeah i'm gonna stop the recording how about that that's not a good ending no all right
see you next you got to say bye back just please do that bye there we go bye Adam